[Music]
hello hello welcome one more day to me
channel and today I bring you today a
recipe or rather a little secret for
lose weight fast fast insurance and
in addition to using a natural way
magical powder that is completely
natural and it's pretty pretty
important that all people what
use as many people as you want
lose weight as people who want to
stay on your weight and also clean
your body your colon intestines etc
we lock to pass immediately with the
product the product my loves is this
who see here well this is simply
a brand ok this is a brand the brand
no matter the product is actually
magnesium carbonate ok
is that this is the basic principle with
the one that makes the milk of magnesia and
in addition also the basic principle where
where they are here, they do not manufacture
magnesium pills
it looks more or less like that so more or less
as it comes in this presentation that I
I bought also sold it in a jar
totally in powder this is the same
plain and simple as you see here they have
put as well as in a
then in a compacted but it is the dust
and how are they going to use the functions
that has this product are simple and
basic is important for you to have
a good digestion have a good
body cleansing can not be missed
weight when the body is storing
all that toxins are if you do not
has a good evacuation of everything
that you have eaten then there comes
the new one this dust or the
magnesia which is not the same as
liquid magnesia in case you ask
with keith, it's not the same then
as I use this product because
use a little bit of the powder what
I mix a little bit with water this the
magnesium pure magnesium powder as ok
without any additives or anything
that what they put and then the
Milk of magnesia also puts you
flavorings et cetera etcetera and I take
a spoonful in the night and another in the
tomorrow this is more or less the first
week and depending on the problems
bowel you have
I usually have a lot
constipation and that's why I'm
using at night in the morning
also tell them that this has
recommended my GP is not
something I told myself I will take no
much less herself recommended
because I'm a diet plan like
they watched the previous video and this is very
very good to help clean the
organism in a natural way this is not a
normal laxative like the one you buy
in a pharmacy and achieves belly pain
and widder oy that that is not the good thing
of this product is going to be something
completely natural this is not going to
do to you is an automatic effect
Instant raised belly pain ni
nothing what is going to be going to go
helping the digestive process in the
night of your body and also during
the day as I do not take in the morning the
function of this product is to clean and
debug the organism during the night
so in the morning you will be able to go
to the bathroom without any problem without pain
of belly without sliding or anything like that
and your stomach and intestines are going to
keep clean what he did is very very
important because many times we
we occupy or worry a lot only
of what we are going to eat when we do
a diet and we forget
debug and clean the body well
I said it like I do this
powder , I simply mix it with
water for the moment I take a
spoonful at night and another for the
tomorrow I would recommend that if you do not
have no constipation problem
or nothing of that use it only in
the night a spoonful before going to
always sleep powder do not get it
in the pharmacy usually they sell it
in all pharmacies as I have
Go understood your GP
ask him magnesium carbonate
magnesium that you want then
consume it and your doctor and then you
he's going to send it because it's something that
recommend and also send doctors
as depurative of the organism is
tell them before closing with the video
I start using this product
two weeks ago when it starts to be
my diet and I get some results
incredible at the end of the video I'm going to
show how well I have that has gone
well since with what is the level or
volume of the belly that he had of
all the month of August that I did not go then
There was already a summer party and I ate
everything and now in September I will
have brew so drop again the
encouragement
nothing my loves then let's move on to
how I looked before
look at the result I had given in
just two weeks my loves all the
part of sinfra inflated that he had then
it has been lowered quite as they see
and to see
I do not have any form or anything
and the taste is like they saw my die
incredible results that I'm
extremely happy that's why I wanted to
share with you this is also
working so well in what is usually
do always telling me works and I
I 've already tried it, I recommend it to
people who follow me so that too
you can take benefits nothing my
loves do not forget that I also have
two other channels and you can also
join my social networks everything is
below that in the information box
the links and if not then until the
next bye
[Music]